README.md, before:


## 點餐速 Order-Fast
---
# 點餐！！速度！！

This project is design for link-base order system via scan QRcode.

 I'm inspired while ordering foods from a busy resturant, it's crazy and really time consuming to get my food, so I hope this project can help each resturants to speed up their order flows and save everyone time ;).


> ***Chief focus on the cuisine present. Client waiting for the tasty food with finger-licking.***

**合作請求**: 如果你有前端的經驗並對這項專案有興趣的話請和我聯繫，我們可以討論一起完成這個專案:)

**collabrate Request**: If you're frontend engineer and interesting to participant this project, please contact me for further discussion :).

聯繫信箱 Contact Email: harryuwang@gmail.com
#
# ***Backend Development Environmet Setup***

 >*Backend Server is base on **Golang Gin Framework**, Frontend Server is base on **React**.*

## *Install required package*
```
go get -u github.com/gin-gonic/gin
go install github.com/kyleconroy/sqlc/cmd/sqlc@latest
go install github.com/golang/mock/mockgen@v1.6.0
```
## *Running the Order-Fast backend service**
*Launch the db service*
```
docker-compose up
```
*DB migration up*
```
make migrateup
```
*DB migration down*
```
make migratedown
```
*Generate psql connecting interface for golang*
```
make sqlc
```
*Running tests*
```
make test
```
*Launch the gin backend server*
```
go run main.go
```
*If you change the content of db/sql/., running the following cmd which generate the Querier(db mock) for api testing*
```
make mock
```

### How to generate code
- Create a new db migration:

	```bash
	migrate create -ext sql -dir db/migration -seq <migration_name>
	```
###
# ***Frontend Development Setup***
TBD

Commit message:

[BE]: add swagger UI API documents for gRPC server

README.md, after:


## 點餐速 Order-Fast
---
# 點餐！！速度！！

This project is design for link-base order system via scan QRcode.

 I'm inspired while ordering foods from a busy resturant, it's crazy and really time consuming to get my food, so I hope this project can help each resturants to speed up their order flows and save everyone time ;).


> ***Chief focus on the cuisine present. Client waiting for the tasty food with finger-licking.***

**合作請求**: 如果你有前端的經驗並對這項專案有興趣的話請和我聯繫，我們可以討論一起完成這個專案:)

**collabrate Request**: If you're frontend engineer and interesting to participant this project, please contact me for further discussion :).

聯繫信箱 Contact Email: harryuwang@gmail.com


# ***Backend Development Environmet Setup***

 >*Backend Server is base on **Golang Gin Framework**, Frontend Server is base on **React**.*

## *Install required package*
```
go get -u github.com/gin-gonic/gin
go install github.com/kyleconroy/sqlc/cmd/sqlc@latest
go install github.com/golang/mock/mockgen@v1.6.0
```
## *Running the Order-Fast backend service**
*Launch the db service*
```
docker-compose up
```
*DB migration up*
```
make migrateup
```
*DB migration down*
```
make migratedown
```
*Generate psql connecting interface for golang*
```
make sqlc
```
*Running tests*
```
make test
```
*Launch the gin backend server*
```
go run main.go
```

> you can go to **localhost:8081/swagger** to review the API docs, currently we only support gRPC server, http server will coming soon.
#

*If you change the content of db/sql/., running the following cmd which generate the Querier(db mock) for api testing*
```
make mock
```

### How to generate code
- Create a new db migration:

	```bash
	migrate create -ext sql -dir db/migration -seq <migration_name>
	```
###
# ***Frontend Development Setup***
TBD
